Okay.
So we have added a bunch of code to our code base and modified some existing code as well.
So I think now is a good time to run our complete test suite.
Let's check in on that.
So right here in my terminal, I'm going to run NPM, run test, colon unit.
I want to run every possible test file that just confined.
So I'm going to wait for it to boot up.
May take a couple of seconds to get running, but once it does, it's going to run pretty quick.
And we can see that we do have one test suite that is failing and eight failing tests within it.
And as I scroll up, I go all the way to the very top of all these big failure outputs.
We're going to see that it's going to be coming from a single test, which is our job listings, that
test, that just file.
And here we can see a sample issue unknown getter filter jobs.
So let me open up my job listings component on the left and let me open up the corresponding test suite
on the right.
So here is job listings.
That test that.
Yes.
So as a reminder, we were previously using one of our previous getters.
We were using filter jobs by organizations or filter jobs by job types, and we replaced that individual
getter filter with our composite filter, which is called the filter jobs.
But you'll notice back in our test suite, we still have the tests for the previous implementation.
So our test here, you'll notice, is still using filter jobs by organizations in the create store,
a factory function as well as elsewhere throughout the file.
Luckily, it's going to be pretty simple to fix this issue.
We just need this getter to exist on the component or more specifically on the store so that the map
getters function can extract it to a component computer property.
So all I'm going to do in my test file is wherever I see filter jobs by organizations, I'm going to
change it to the appropriate getter, which is just going to be filter jobs and that is going to allow
map getters to work.
That's going to allow next page to work because it's also relying on filter jobs and it's also going
to allow display jobs to work because that is also relying on the filter jobs.
So once again, a simple mismatch because the component is dependent on a getter that is not existing
in our test setup.
Now, it's going to exist in this setup.
And as I scroll down, I'm going to look for any other occurrences of that getter throughout.
So here is an example where we're passing in an array with 15 jobs.
So now we can pretend that this is filter jobs instead of filter jobs by organization.
So now the component is going to have this array of 15 jobs scrolling down, nothing here, nothing
here.
Scrolling down here, there's another use case of that getter.
So let's change this from filter jobs by organizations to just filter jobs.
Save that.
Scroll down one more time right here.
Filter jobs.
Scroll down one more time here, and this appears to be the final test.
So I'm simply going to change the getter name to match the real world implementation.
Let's run our complete test suite again.
And let's see where we're at.
Simply by switching that.
And there you go.
Everything is passing.
It looks like we do have some code coverage missing in our getters file.
We'll talk a little bit about that later.
But all of our test routes are passing, so it really was as simple as that.
So again, that's a good sign that our tests are testing the right thing.
Our tests were dependent on a former implementation that relied on a former getter.
There's no longer relevant.
All we had to do is change the getter name throughout our test file and our tests still work.
Our tests resolved back to passing again.
That's a good sign that we're testing the core functionality.
It literally was just a name mismatch at this point.
All right.
So our test suite is looking good.
So I will see you in the next lesson.